AP COMP SCI A 1 OF 2
8
Assignment-35
Rick Platek
•
8:04 AM
25 points
Due Jan 20, 9:00 AM
This lab is based on
   http://courses.cms.caltech.edu/cs11/material/java/donnie/lab1/index.html

Find a partner to work with. I need only one submission per group.



1. Create a new class Point3d to represent, you guessed it, points in three
   dimensional Euclidean space. It should be possible to:

    * create a new Point3d described by any three floating-point (type double)
      values,

    * create a new Point3d at (0.0, 0.0, 0.0) by default,

    * access and mutate all three values individually, and

    * write an appropriate toString method.

    *compare two Point3ds for value-equality using an appropriate equals method.

    It should not be possible to directly access the internal data members of
    any Point3d object.

2. Furthermore, add a new method distanceTo which takes another Point3d as an
   argument, and computes a double-precision floating-point approximation of
   the straight-line distance between the two points, and returns that value.



3. Create a second class called Point3dLab that exists primarily to house the static
   method main. Remember that main must be public, have a void return type, and
   accept an array of Strings as an argument. Inside this class, add some
   functionality:

    Input three ordered triples from the user, each representing the
    coordinates of one point in 3-space. Generate three Point3d objects from
    this data. (For now, you can assume that the user will not enter invalid
    data.)

    To get input from the user, you must use the StdIn.readDouble() method to get the
    input.

    Here is the expected interaction with the user:

       enter a 3d point: 3 4 5
       enter a 3d point: 1 2 3
       enter a 3d point: 2.5 2.1 3.2


    Write a second static method computeArea which takes three Point3d's and
    computes the area within the triangle bounded by them. (You may wish to
    use Heron's formula.) Return this area as a double.

    Use the data and code you gathered and wrote above to determine the area
    and print that out for the user's consumption.

    Before you call computeArea, however, test for value equality between
    all of the three Point3d's. If any pair of points is "equal", report this
    to the user and do not compute an area.

4. Compile both of your source files together:

    $javac Point3d.java Point3dLab.java

   and then run your Point3dLab program, testing it with several sample triangles.


5.  Checklist for submssion.

     i. File names:  Point3d.java and Point3dLab.java
    ii. The documentation of each file must include:
            - compilation instructions
	    - execution instructions
	    - Your names.
Class comments

Your work
Assigned
Private comments

Assignment-35
Displaying Point.java.
