AP COMP SCI A 1 OF 2
8
Lesson-21
Rick Platek
•
Nov 23
Write the solutions to questions 1 - 9 in a library named Functions.
Question 10 should be in a separate file.

1. Write a static method max3() that takes three int arguments and returns
   the value of the largest one. Add an overloaded function that does the
   same thing with three double values.


2. Write a static method odd() that takes three boolean arguments and returns
   true if an odd number of the argument values are true, and false
   otherwise.



3. (Variadic Parameter Lists)
   Programmers have been able to use arrays to indicate that a method
   takes a list containing an arbitrary number of values of the same
   type. The syntax, which applies only to the last parameter in the
   list, consists of the element type, three consecutive dots, and the
   parameter name. Parameter lists that use this syntax are said to
   be variadic.

   An example, the following method returns the maximum of any number of
   integer arguments:

         public int max(int n1, int ... args){
	 	int result = n1;
		for (int n : args){
		    if (result < n) result = n;
		}
	 	return result;
	 }

     max(1,2,3) -> 3
     max(1,2) -> 2


    Rewrite the odd function with a version using a variadic parameter list.


4. Write a static method createIntegerArray that uses a variadic parameter
   list and returns an integer array of the arguments.


    Example:
            createIntegerArray(1,2,3) -> {1,2,3}


5. Write a static method majority() that takes exactly three boolean
   arguments and returns true if at least two of the argument values
   are true, and false otherwise. Do not use an if or switch statement.


6. Write a static method eq() that takes two int arrays as arguments
   and returns true if the arrays have the same length and all corresponding
   pairs of elements are equal, and false otherwise.


7. Write a static method scale() that takes a double array as its
   argument and has the side effect of scaling the array so that each
   element is between 0 and 1 (by subtracting the minimum value from
   each element and then dividing each element by the distance
   between the minimum and maximum values).


8. Write a static method reverse() that takes an array of strings as its
   argument and returns an array with the strings in reverse order. (Do
   no change the order of the strings in the argument array).


9. Write a static method reverseInplace() that takes an array of strings
   as its argument and produce the side effect of reversing the order
   of the strings in the argument array.

10.Compose a program to rearrange a deck of n cards using the
   Gilbert-Shannon-Reeds model of a "riffle-shuffle." First, generate
   a random integer r according to a binomial distribution: flip a fair
   coin n times and let r be the number of heads. Now, divide the deck
   into two piles: the first r cards and the remaining n-r cards. To
   complete the shuffle, repeatedly take the top card from one of the
   two piles and put it on the bottom of a new pile. If there are n1 cards
   remaining in the first pile and n2 cards remaining in the second pile,
   choose the next card from the first pile with probability n1 / (n1 + n2)
   and from the second pile with probability n2 / (n1 + n2).

   Watch this video :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxJubaijQbI
   to determine how many riffle shuffles you need to apply to a deck
   of 52 cards to produce a (nearly) uniformly shuffled deck.

   Write the program RiffleShuffle.java to demonstrate the result. Represent
   the 52 cards in an integer array(card[0], ... ,card[51) and your program
   should include a method riffleShuffe(int [] cards) that performs
   exactly 1 riffle shuffle via a side effect.

Goo.java
Java

lesson.txt
Text
Class comments

Lesson-21
Displaying lesson.txt.
